Add OpenHacks info and PHY connection info (#671)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/ethernet.rst

  Defaults to ``.local``.
- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify the ID used for code generation.

.. note::

>     If your ethernet board is not designed with an ESP32 built in, changes are you are going
>     to use flying leads, dupont wires, etc. to connect the Ethernet to the ESP32. This is 
>     probably to fail as the ethernet interface uses a high frequency clock signal. For more 
>     information and wiring details refer to the the link in the *See also* section.

Author: ```suggestion
    If your ethernet board is not designed with an ESP32 built in, chances are that you are going
    to use flying leads, dupont wires, etc. to connect the ethernet to the ESP32. This is 
    probably to fail as the ethernet interface uses a high frequency clock signal. For more 
    information and wiring details refer to the the link in the *See also* section.
```
